#======== TV LOKAL ========#

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvri.png" group-title="Lokal",TVRI
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Lokal" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png",TVRI Jawa Timur
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIjatimsurabaya)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RCTI.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/rcti.png" group-title="Lokal",RCTI
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="GTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/gtv.png" group-title="Lokal",GTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mnctv.png" group-title="Lokal",MNCTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="iNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/inews.png" group-title="Lokal",iNewsTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ANTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/antv.png" group-title="Lokal",ANTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Trans7.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/trans7.png" group-title="Lokal",Trans 7
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TransTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/transtv.png" group-title="Lokal",Trans TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Lokal" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/tvone.png",TVOne
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MetroTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/metrotv.png" group-title="Lokal",Metro TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/rtv.png" group-title="Lokal",RTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="KompasTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/kompastv.png" group-title="Lokal",Kompas TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JakTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/jaktv.png" group-title="Lokal",JAKTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/jtv.png" group-title="Lokal",JTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BaliTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/balitv.png" group-title="Lokal",BALI TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DAAITV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/daaitv.png" group-title="Lokal",DAAI TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BandungTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bandungtv.png" group-title="Lokal",BandungTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Net..Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/net.png" group-title="Lokal",NET TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BeritaSatu.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/94/BTV_%28Indonesia%29_logo.svg" group-title="Lokal",BTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/f/fb/SCTV_Logo.svg.png/revision/latest?cb=20121226014247" group-title="Lokal",SCTV
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s03/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/I/indosiar-logo-A53509F619-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Lokal",Indosiar
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s04/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Lokal" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/0MSdf50/bfecbc-modified.png",Nusantara TV 
https://nusantaratv.siar.us/nusantaratv/live/chunks.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Lokal" tvg-id="magnachannel.id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/83/MagnaChannel.png",Magna Channel
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:magna.smil/chunklist_w657754957_b3884000_sleng.m3u8

#======== ENTERTAINMENT ========#

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Infotainment.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ie.png" group-title="Entertainment",Infotainment
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="VisionPrime.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/visionprime.png" group-title="Entertainment",Vision Prime
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Entertainment.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ent.png" group-title="Entertainment",MNC Entertainment
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="OKTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/oktv.png" group-title="Entertainment",OKTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FMN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/fmn.png" group-title="Entertainment",FMN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AXN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/axn.png" group-title="Entertainment",AXN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="KIX.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/kix.png" group-title="Entertainment",KIX
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tvN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvn.png" group-title="Entertainment",tvN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="One.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/sonyone.png" group-title="Entertainment",Sony One
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Lifetime.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/lifetime.png" group-title="Entertainment",Lifetime
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HITS.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hits.png" group-title="Entertainment",HITS
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ABCAustralia.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/abcaustralia.png" group-title="Entertainment",ABC Australia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JiangsuTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/jiangsutv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Jiangsu TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HunanTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hunantv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Hunan TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ShanghaiDragonTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/dragontv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Dragon TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="XingKongTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/xingxong.png" group-title="Entertainment",Xingkong TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AnhuiTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/anhuitv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Anhui TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NHKWorldJapan.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nhkworld.png" group-title="Entertainment",NHK World TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NHKWorldPremium.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nhkpremium.png" group-title="Entertainment",NHK World Premium
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=4497473c5b978655ce62de7873e04174:6af319f8d82351f8c3b18c9abdfdef4d
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RockEntertainment" tvg-logo="https://id.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkas:Rock_Entertainment.png" group-title="Entertainment",Rock Entertainment
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RockEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/RockEntertainment.mpd

#======== KIDS ========#

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Animax.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/animax.png" group-title="Kids",Animax
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="KidsTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/kidstv.png" group-title="Kids",Kids Channel
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NickJr..Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nickjr.png" group-title="Kids",Nick Jr
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MiaoMi.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/miaomi.png" group-title="Kids",MiaoMi
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Boomerang.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/boomerang.png" group-title="Kids",Boomerang
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BabyTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/babytv.png" group-title="Kids",Baby TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CBeebies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cbeebies.png" group-title="Kids",CBeebies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CartoonNetwork.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cartoonnetwork.png" group-title="Kids",Cartoon Network
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Nick.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nickelodeon.png" group-title="Kids",Nickelodeon
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#======== MOVIES ========#

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/130/1021/png-transparent-movie-logo-movie-logo-film-tape-cinema-thumbnail.png",Movie Didan
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/128600025/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBO.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hbo.png" group-title="Movies",HBO
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOFamily.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hbofamily.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Family
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOHits.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hbohits.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Hits
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOSignature.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hbosig.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Signature
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CINEMAX.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cinemax.png" group-title="Movies",Cinemax
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-1zfZ3rEhu5s/V9OB0jOkU7I/AAAAAAAAfUQ/A9F_Fl1q51k_ONOLTVDyIT8sU3WS2nxhACLcB/s1600/galaxy-channel-tv-logo.png" group-title="Movies",Galaxy
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="GalaxyPremium.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/galaxypremium.png" group-title="Movies",Galaxy Premium
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="WarnerTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/warner.png" group-title="Movies",Warner TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Thrill.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/thrill.png" group-title="Movies",Thrill
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="
Movies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cm.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CelestialClassicMovie.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ccm.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ZeeBioskop.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/zeebioskop.png" group-title="Movies",ZEE BIOSKOP
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tvNMovies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvnmovies.png" group-title="Movies",tvN Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HitsMovies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hitsmovies.png" group-title="Movies",HITS Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CinemaWorld.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cinemaworld.png" group-title="Movies",Cinema World
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KPlus.MACAN" tvg-name="Kplus" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/smpNq8Z/xgnf.png" group-title="Movies",K+
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h08/01.m3u8?fluxustv.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Rockaction" tvg-logo="https://id.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock_Action#/media/Berkas:Rock_Action.png" group-title="Movies",Rock Action
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/rockaction/sa_dash_vmx/rockaction.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Cinemachi" tvg-logo="https://id.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock_Action#/media/Berkas:Rock_Action.png" group-title="Movies",Cinemachi
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/cinemachi/sa_dash_vmx/cinemachi.mpd

#======== NEWS ========#

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncnews.png" group-title="News",MNC News
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="IDXChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/idx.png" group-title="News",IDX
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SEAToday.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/seatoday.png" group-title="News",SEA TODAY
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ChannelNewsAsia.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cna.png" group-title="News",Channel News Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AlJazeeraEnglish.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/aljazeera.png" group-title="News",AL JAZEERA English
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BBCWorldNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bbcworldnews.png" group-title="News",BBC World
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CNN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cnninternational.png" group-title="News",CNN International
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="EuroNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/euronews.png" group-title="News",EuroNews
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CNBC.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cnbcasia.png" group-title="News",CNBC Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RTEnglish.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/rt.png" group-title="News",RT English
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="France24.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/france24.png" group-title="News",France 24
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 group-title="News" tvg-id="tv5mondeasia.fr" tvg-logo="http://www.lcf-magazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/logo-TV5Monde.jpg",TV 5 Monde
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV5/sa_dash_vmx/TV5.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DW.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/dw.png" group-title="News",DW TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TRTWorld.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/trt.png" group-title="News",TRT World
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CGTN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cgtn.png" group-title="News",CGTN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Bloomberg.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bloomberg.png" group-title="News",Bloomberg
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxNewsChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/foxnews.png" group-title="News",FOX News
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Arirang.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/arirang.png" group-title="News",Arirang
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="News" tvg-id="cnnindonesia.id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/20/Logo_of_CNN_Indonesia.svg/768px-Logo_of_CNN_Indonesia.svg.png",CNN Indonesia
http://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/chunklist_w2069650134_b280000_sleng.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="News" tvg-id="cnbcindonesia.id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/3/35/CNBC_Indonesia.png",CNBC Indonesia
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/chunklist_w1352897452_b280000_sleng.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV PARLEMEN" tvg-name="TV PARLEMEN" tvg-url="http://www.firstmedia.com" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png" group-title="News",TV PARLEMEN
http://103.16.220.69:1935/golive/livestream/playlist.m3u8

#======== SPORTS ========#

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="beINSports1.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/beinsports1.png" group-title="Sports",beIN Sports 1
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="beINSports3.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/beinsports3.png" group-title="Sports",beIN Sports 3
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SPOTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/spotv.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SPOTV2.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/spotv2.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV 2
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncsports.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports2.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncsports2.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 2
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports3.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncsports3.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 3
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports3-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports3-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FightSports.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/fightsport.png" group-title="Sports",Fight Sports
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SoccerChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/soccerchannel.png" group-title="Sports",Soccer Channel
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/VvfnNP7v/Unifi-TV-Logo.png",Unifi Sports 1
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live11.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/VvfnNP7v/Unifi-TV-Logo.png",Unifi Sports 2
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live12.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Au1Wa24.png" group-title="Sports",Fox Sports 1
https://dizf8i52j4sep.cloudfront.net/out/v1/148af6c03e6d48b0a725611fae5ed3a7/index.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DpnatBM.png" group-title="Sports",Fox Sports 2
https://d17lgdx4t7a4od.cloudfront.net/out/v1/bca3f8d654aa4cb293e4e9801468a5a3/index.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/w8sjQN2.png" group-title="Sports",Fox Sports 3
https://d14a5mi0m64mw7.cloudfront.net/out/v1/8a240d2e8a64453da6288810ede90a60/index.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.cne-eg.com/uploads/logos/2021122749282.png" group-title="Sports",Bein Premium 1 
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94496&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.cne-eg.com/uploads/logos/2021122834751.png" group-title="Sports",Bein Premium 2 
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94492&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.cne-eg.com/uploads/logos/2021122252312.png" group-title="Sports",Bein Premium 3
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94488&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#======== RELIGI ========#

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MuslimTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/muslimtv.png" group-title="Religi",Muslim TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AlQuranAlKareem.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mekkah.png" group-title="Religi",Al Quran Al Kareem
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TV9.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tv9.png" group-title="Religi",TV9
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVMu.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvmu.png" group-title="Religi",TVMU
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TawafTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tawaf.png" group-title="Religi",Tawaf TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

#EXTINF:0  tvg-name="MAKKAH QURAN" tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tFEQ4da.png" group-title="Religi" :http-referrer="",MAKKAH QURAN
http://m.live.net.sa:1935/live/quran/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0  tvg-name="MAKKAH QURAN 2" tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tFEQ4da.png" group-title="Religi" :http-referrer="",MAKKAH QURAN 2
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/7.m3u8

#EXTINF:0  tvg-name="MEDINA TV" tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xq2Hx7a.png" group-title="Religi" :http-referrer="",MEDINA TV
http://m.live.net.sa:1935/live/sunnah/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0  tvg-name="RODJA TV" tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/b/b3/Rodja_TV.png" group-title="Religi" :http-referrer="",RODJA TV
https://rodjatv.com/rodjatv/live.m3u8

#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/rodja.png",RODJA TV 2
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch26.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/ahsan.png" group-title="Religi",Ahsan TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch4.m3u8

#EXTINF:-108 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/367F1A03-8317-448A-B336-CB5E0B14BD78.jpeg",ALFURQON TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch24.m3u8

#EXTINF:-105 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/alimantv.png",AL IMAN TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch9.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi",Al Quran Al Kareem TV
http://210.210.155.35:80/session/f495c064-2ef3-11eb-901e-b82a72d63267/qwr9ew/s/s28/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi",AL Sunnah Nabawi TV
http://210.210.155.35:80/session/1aa0f80a-2ef4-11eb-b0a7-c81f66f89318/qwr9ew/s/s27/01.m3u8

EXTINF:-104 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/ashiiltv.png",ASHIIL TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch2.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Bina Madani TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch20.m3u8

#EXTINF:-116 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/binbaztv.png",BINBAZ TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch22.m3u8

#EXTINF:-109 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/HIJRAH TV.jpg",HIJRAH TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch8.m3u8

#EXTINF:-106 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/insantv.png",INSAN TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch1.m3u8

#EXTINF:-113 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/izzahtv.png",IZZAH TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch7.m3u8

#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/medstv.jpg",MEDS TV ACEH
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch23.m3u8

#EXTINF:-115 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/mgitv.png",MGI TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch25.m3u8

#EXTINF:-114 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/muadztv.png",MUADZ TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch5.m3u8

#EXTINF:-111 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/niagatv.png",NIAGA TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch10.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Ufa TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch27.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",RadioKita TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch16.m3u8

#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.rasyaad.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/logo-rasyaad.png",RASYAAD TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch6.m3u8

#======== KNOWLEDGE ========#

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Besmart.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/besmart.png" group-title="Knowledge",Besmart
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DiscoveryChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/discoverychannel.png" group-title="Knowledge",Discovery
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BBCEarth.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bbcearth.png" group-title="Knowledge",BBC Earth
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AnimalPlanet.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/animalplanet.png" group-title="Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NationalGeographic.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ngc.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Channel
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NatGeoWild.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/natgeowild.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="History.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/history.png" group-title="Knowledge",History
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CrimeInvestigation.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/crimeinvestigation.png" group-title="Knowledge",Crime Investigation
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CGTNDocumentary.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cgtndoc.png" group-title="Knowledge",CGTN DOCUMENTARY
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BiznetAdventure.id" tvg-logo="https://www.biznethome.net/bin/images/tv-program/channel/Biznet%20Adventure%20170x85.png" group-title="Knowledge",Biznet Adventure (720p)
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_adventure/smil:adventure.smil/playlist.m3u8?bizkeyliveCustomParameter=myParameter&bizkeyliveendtime=0&bizkeylivehash=iJYiwvsAhKLgYjtMcoxVp1GZg1XW_wNcrvg-lcNq6Vdy&bizkeylivestarttime=0

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://127.0.0.1/" group-title="Knowledge",IN WILD
https://inwild-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="" group-title="Knowledge",Wild Earth
https://wildearth-roku.amagi.tv/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="" group-title="Knowledge",XPLORE
https://xplore-roku.amagi.tv/playlist720-p.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NASATVPublic.us" url-tvg="" tvg-country="US" tvg-language="English" tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/N/NASA-logo-9411797223-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Knowledge",NASA TV 
https://ntv1.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014075/NASA-NTV1-HLS/master_2000.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/GpYKFDW5/OUTSIDE-TV.png" group-title="Knowledge",OUTSIDE TV
https://outsidetvplus-stirr.amagi.tv/playlistR720P.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/pLmqd4qx/PEOPLE-ARE-AWESOME.png" group-title="Knowledge",People are Awesome 1
https://jukin-peopleareawesome-2-ca.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/pLmqd4qx/PEOPLE-ARE-AWESOME.png" group-title="Knowledge",People are Awesome 2
https://jukin-peopleareawesome-2-es.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/pLmqd4qx/PEOPLE-ARE-AWESOME.png" group-title="Knowledge",People are Awesome 3
https://jukin-peopleareawesome-2-in.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/pLmqd4qx/PEOPLE-ARE-AWESOME.png" group-title="Knowledge",People are Awesome 4
https://jukin-peopleareawesome-2-it.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/pLmqd4qx/PEOPLE-ARE-AWESOME.png" group-title="Knowledge",People are Awesome 5
https://jukin-peopleareawesome-2-se.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/RVfC96Dm/SMITHSONIAN.png" group-title="Knowledge",Smithsonian Channel 
https://smithsonianaus-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist720p.m3u8?checkedby:iptvcat.com

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://ugtv.co.id/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/logo-ug-300x300.png",UG TV
https://cdn.gunadarma.ac.id/streams/ugtv/ingestugtv.m3u8

#======== LIFESTYLE ========#

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/afn.png" group-title="Lifestyle",AFN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://github.com/RizkyWebID/IPTV-Streaming/raw/main/imagecache/logo_arirang.png" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-id="009" tvg-name="009-ARIRANG", ARIRANG
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://github.com/RizkyWebID/IPTV-Streaming/raw/main/imagecache/logo_axn.png" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-id="010" tvg-name="010-AXN", AXN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",TLC
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",FMN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",HGTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",Lifetime
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",Sony One
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",OKTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",Vision Prime
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",Infotainment
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",MNC Entertainment
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/warningfm/v3/master/img/LQqABbX.png?v=1.0.0.1" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-id="Fashion TV Midnight Secrets" tvg-name="Fashion TV HD", Fashion TV Midnight Secrets HD
https://fash1043.cloudycdn.services/slive/_definst_/ftv_midnite_secrets_adaptive.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8CZpwYc2/Thaiiilanddd-Logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle",Fashion_tv
http://fash1043.cloudycdn.services/slive/_definst_/ftv_paris_adaptive.smil/chunklist.m3u8

#======== MUSIC ========#

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MGRhNmU1M2UtNGE3Ni0zZGRkLWJhMmQtYTFmMzE2YTRlMTY3
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MusicTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/musictv.png" group-title="Music",Music TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="Music",MTV Biggest Pop
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS02/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="Music",MTV Block Party
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS03/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="Music",MTV WMA
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS08/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="Music",MTV Spankin\'New
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS07/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="Music",MTV Yo!
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS01/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music",K Pop Channel
https://srv1.zcast.com.br/kpoptv/kpoptv/chunklist_w987955597.m3u8
